# Intro-to-web
Projects in this repository have been coded using HTML and CSS. These two languages are the foundation of all websites. HTML creates the structure of the website, and CSS styles the website. The skills that can be seen in the projects are; Adding content with HTML, Adding links &amp; images, Structure the page, Styling the page with colours &amp; fonts, Styling the page with padding and margins, Styling the page layout.

Resume 1 required one to create HTML file,Insert the HTML Boilerplate, Add paragraphs, and Add lists. Resume 2 required one to add image,Include a list of links to the different sections on the page,Include a link to an external website. Resume 3 required one to Link in the stylesheet in your HTML document, Add a header around your name and introductory statement, Add a footer around your contact details,Add a section around everything except your header and footer, Add an aside around your image and menu and Add an article around your main content.

Resume 4 required one Change the font family for the Webpage, Style and edit the colours of the font to complement your site's theme, Add complementary background colours to the different sections of the page, and Add reusable CSS Classes to the respective divs and elements on the page. Resume 5 required to Include appropriate padding, borders and margins for all the page sections, Use the border-radius property to make the profile image a circle. Resume 6 required Remove all <br> tags and use CSS to change the page layout instead and Use the position property to align each of the page sections according to the sample solution.
